Yes, you had the best of intentions.
Kindnesses too numerous to mention.
But thoughtless words
just cut me to the heart.
Then, as a tear appears, I see.
Things aren’t what they seem to be.
Before the sun slips from the sky,
Let’s be sure we both see eye to eye.
We’ll forget the things we said,
And, please, let’s forgive.
Sisters today, sisters we’ll stay.
Getting along is not always easy.
Angry words can bring you down, believe me.
Then you find a reason to forgive,
And now you realize it’s true;
Letting go’s the thing to do.
Before the sun slips from the sky,
Let’s be sure we both see eye to eye.
We’ll forget the things we said,
And, please, let’s forgive.
Brothers today, brothers we’ll stay.
Not one thing said or done can break us up.
Love’s a bond of unity.
Cancel the debt; forgive and forget.
That’s the way true friendship should be.
Before the sun slips from the sky,
Let’s be sure we both see eye to eye.
We’ll forget the things we said,
And, please, let’s forgive.
Here in our hearts, that’s where it starts.
Bonded in love, forgiving one another.